Hey Guys!

I hope that you are all excited to come to the first training camp for the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) 2019. The IMO is the oldest and most prestigious of the International Science Olympiads and is the largest mathematics competition in the world. It is hosted annually in July by a different country. More than 100 countries from 6 continents send their best and brightest students to represent their nation at the IMO. If you want to represent Pakistan at the IMO, this is your chance.

The first IMO training camp will be held sometime in September. The camp will focus mainly on ingenuity and problem-solving skills. The math may not be very advanced, but you will be required to be smart in your methods all along the way. We know all of you guys are worried about preparation. (You should be!!) This year, we will have a series of mandatory online problem-solving classes covering topics which are pre-requisites for the camp. The classes will guide you through several topics and will allow you to adjust to problem-solving techniques you might not have seen before. The purpose of introducing these classes is to give participants time to get acquainted to IMO-style math problems. Not attending classes will hugely bump down your chances of qualifying for the team. Please consult the syllabus and timetable document for details about class.

There will be a final assignment of 10 problems due 1st September 11:59 PM on GradeScope. The details will be communicated to you later. It is mandatory to submit the assignment.

I cannot emphasize enough the importance of getting your hands dirty and spending time solving problems. If you do not try some of the problems, you might have a hard time at camp. If you find it hard to solve even one of these problems, you are not alone! Just know that even trying these problems will be healthy for you.

Please, keep your spirits high and be proud that you made it to the Top 50! Finally, we hope that you make great friends, learn skills that will help you throughout your lives and have a memorable time.

 

Please fill out the following google form by Friday 3rd August 11:59 PM. https://goo.gl/forms/4IIfudIdpUrYzoX63

Please add yourself to the following Facebook group. https://www.facebook.com/groups/2137404146527966

Good luck and hope to see you in class! If you have any questions, please reply to this email or email sarfrazahmad@ciitlahore.edu.pk